= Rack::SslEnforcer

Rack::SslEnforcer is a simple Rack middleware to enforce ssl connections. As of Version 0.2.0, Rack::SslEnforcer marks
Cookies as secure and enables HSTS by default.


== Installation

  gem install rack-ssl-enforcer


== Usage

  require 'rack/ssl-enforcer'
  use Rack::SslEnforcer
  
Or, if you are using Bundler, just add this to your Gemfile:

  gem 'rack-ssl-enforcer', :require => 'rack/ssl-enforcer'

To use Rack::SslEnforcer in your Rails application, add the following line to your application
config file (config/application.rb for Rails3, config/environment.rb for Rails2):

  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer

This will redirect all requests to SSL. Rack::SslEnforcer accepts params:

You might need the :redirect_to option if the requested URL can't be determined (e.g. if using a proxy).

  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :redirect_to => 'https://example.org'
  
You can also define specific regex patterns or paths to redirect.
  
  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :only => /^\/admin\//
  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :only => "/login"
  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :only => ["/login", /\.xml$/]

or define specific regex patterns or paths as exceptions.

  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :except => /^\/admin\//
  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :except => "/login"
  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :except => ["/login", /\.xml$/]
  
And force http for non-https path

  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :only => ["/login", /\.xml$/], :strict => true

To set HSTS expiry and subdomain inclusion (defaults: one year, true)

  config.middleware.use Rack::SslEnforcer, :hsts => {:expires => 500, :subdomains => false}


== TODO

* Add configuration option to specify local http / https ports
* Cleanup tests


== Contributors

* {Dan Mayer}[http://github.com/danmayer]
* {Rémy Coutable}[http://github.com/rymai]
* {Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil}[http://github.com/thibaudgg]
* {Paul Annesley}[https://github.com/pda]


== Credits

Flagging cookies as secure functionality and HSTS support is greatly inspired by {Joshua Peek's Rack::SSL}[https://github.com/josh/rack-ssl]


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, 
  that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Tobias Matthies. See LICENSE for details.
